Charlie and Mac try to prove that they are not racist after Charlie's crush overhears Charlie saying something offensive about African Americans. Meanwhile, Dee hires a black man from her acting class to boost business for Paddy's Pub -- and ends up turning the pub into a gay bar.
Charlie gets a paternity test to prove that he's not the father of his old flame's ill-behaved son. Meanwhile, Mac and Dennis feign being against abortion so they can pick up women.
When Mac decides to make Paddy's Pub a safe haven for underage drinkers, it becomes high school all over again as Dee, Dennis, and Charlie get asked to the prom.
Dennis and Mac help Charlie find someone to sleep with him after Charlie announces that he's dying of cancer.
Everyone gets trigger happy when, in the wake of a robbery, the guys buy a gun, and Dee unknowingly dates the prime suspect.
When an old man is found dead in Paddy's, Mac and Dennis vie for the affection of his attractive granddaughter, while Charlie discovers that Dennis and Dee's grandfather was a Nazi.
When news of a former gym teacher getting arrested for molesting his students hits, Charlie suddenly gets nervous, Dee and Dennis conclude that Charlie may have been one of the gym teacher's victims. Mac becomes jealous that he wasn't the one who got molested.

Dennis and Dee's father Frank abruptly appears, causing Dennis to accidentally run Charlie over with his car. After seeing Charlie get attention from strippers over being in a wheelchair, the gang decides to feign disabilities in order to garner sympathy from others.
An Israeli businessman claims ownership of the street that Paddy's Pub is on, prompting the gang to go to extremes to get the man to leave. Meanwhile, Frank fights with his ex-wife over the possessions she got in the divorce.
Dennis and Dee quit their jobs to pursue their dreams, but get hooked on crack cocaine so they can apply for welfare. Meanwhile, Frank hires two new workers under the "Work for Welfare" program and Charlie and Mac go on a spending spree.
A visit to Frank's ex-wife's house turns into a web of back-stabbing and deception after Mac has sex with Dennis's mother and Charlie hatches a plan to get close to The Waitress.
Frank trains Dee for a boxing match against the daughter of his old boxing foe. Meanwhile, Dennis and Mac train Charlie for an underground fighting ring.
Mac, Dennis and Dee are sentenced to teach inner-city children how to play basketball while Charlie is sentenced to attend AA meetings.
When the gang finds a water stain in the office that resembles the Virgin Mary, Frank begins charging patrons to see the miracle.
After realizing the money-making potential of political corruption, the gang decides to help Dennis run for the position of a local comptroller.
Charlie is outraged over Dennis smoking in the bar, and teams up with Dee to start an anti-smoking rally. Meanwhile, Mac, Dennis, and Frank turn Paddy's Pub into an "anything goes" bar.
Dennis and Dee discover the MySpace page of the man who turns out to be their real father. Meanwhile, Charlie and Mac visit Mac's convict father in jail.

Dennis joins up with an environmentalist group. Mac and Dee try to care for a baby boy they found in the Dumpster and Charlie and Frank become dumpster divers.
When the Philadelphia Eagles hold open try-outs à la the movie Invincible, Mac, Dennis, and Dee use the event for their own personal competition. Meanwhile, Frank and Charlie tailgate.
Frank's ex-wife Barbara dies, leaving behind a big inheritance that Frank and Dee will do anything to get. Meanwhile, Mac, Dennis, and Charlie use Reynolds house as a men's club to make new friends.
Paddy's Pub is held hostage by the McPoyles. Meanwhile, Frank crawls through the vents to find his will, which Charlie hid.
The gang gets involved in the seedy side of the world of fashion design after Dee gets jealous of her former high-school best friend, who is now a successful boutique owner.
The gang find themselves at odds with a more successful Korean pub owner who bears a striking resemblance to Kim Jong-Il. Charlie also becomes involved with the owner's daughter.
The gang tries to persuade a restaurant chain to buy their pub. Meanwhile, Dee quits her job at Paddy's (again) and pressures The Waitress to get her a job at a TGIFriday's-style restaurant.
The gang go to great lengths to be famous: Mac, Charlie, and Frank attempt to become news reporters; Dennis and Dee try becoming club-hoppers.
Dee begins dating an amateur rapper whom Dennis thinks is mentally retarded. Meanwhile, Frank, Charlie, and Mac start their own band but can't agree on what type of music they should play.
After reading about a serial killer terrorizing young women, the gang suspects that Mac may be the serial killer when they notice that he hasn't been to the bar much lately.
Dennis's life goes downhill when he finds out that a convicted sex offender whom he closely resembles has been released from prison due to overcrowding. Meanwhile, Mac and Charlie reunite with Mac's convict father.
The gang find themselves married to the mob when they sell a bag of cocaine that a group of mobsters hid in a pair of speakers. To pay off the debt, Frank whores out Dennis to older women, Charlie works at a stable, and Mac becomes a mafioso.
The gang must find a way to avoid getting "whacked" when their plans to pay off mob members for missing cocaine go awry.
Mac and Dee become vigilantes to solve the homeless problem Frank and Dennis dress up in police costumes while Charlie dresses as Serpico to expose them.
Charlie inadvertently puts Paddy's Pub up as the grand prize in a radio dance marathon, so the gang must win the competition -- against the enemies they've made so far -- to keep the bar.

Charlie and Dee freak out when they eat what they think is human meat. Mac and Dennis take up hunting and go after the most dangerous prey of all -- man.
To profit from high gas prices, Mac, Dennis, and Charlie fill barrels of gasoline and sell them door-to-door. Dee and Frank plot to brand Bruce Mathis a terrorist.
Mac and Frank hold a contest where the winner will be the billboard model for Paddy's. Charlie and Dee set out to create a viral video.
When Charlie learns that The Waitress has a boyfriend, he enlists Mac's help in catching the guy so Charlie can beat him up. Trouble is, Mac is the one who's dating the waitress.
Mac's revenge-obsessed father is released from prison and Mac and Charlie fake their deaths to save their lives. Frank and Dennis discover a glory hole in the bathroom.
Mac and Charlie continue their misadventures in avoiding Luther Mac. Dennis and Frank investigate the world of anonymous sex.
Frank and Charlie find that someone has defecated in their bed and hunt for the culprit. Meanwhile, Dee leads a "Sex and the City" style night on the town.
The gang kidnaps a newspaper critic who dubbed Paddy's Pub "the worst bar in Philadelphia".
Dennis plans on publishing an account of his sexual exploits and ends up in a rehab facility. Charlie and Dee try on each other's lives for size.
After Dee is hospitalized for a heart attack, she and Dennis try to adopt a healthier lifestyle. Charlie and Mac become office workers to get on-the-job health insurance.
In an attempt to turn their bar into a Philadelphia landmark, the gang tells the story of how Paddy's Pub was historically relevant during the Revolutionary War.
The gang redecorates a poor family's home a la Extreme Makeover: Home Edition.
Charlie stages a rock opera based on his song "The Nightman," and recruits the rest of the gang to help him with it.

Frank, Mac, and Dennis try their hand at real estate. Dee arranges to be a surrogate mother. Charlie tries his hand at law.
The Gang tries to expand their horizons by going on a road trip to the Grand Canyon.
Mac and Dennis try to keep the bar afloat in the tough economic times; Frank starts a family business with Dee; newly poor people gather outside the bar.
Dee, Dennis, and Charlie attempt to stage an intervention on Frank, who they feel is no longer fun to drink with. Meanwhile, Frank attempts to bang Aunt Donna, who Mac is also interested in banging.
The Waitress is getting married; Dee, jealous that she's beating her to the altar, tries to derail the wedding. Charlie reluctantly tries online dating.
The Gang describes the trials and tribulations they went through during Game 5 of the World Series, hoping that the judge will clear them of all the citations they received.
The Gang puts on a wrestling show for the returning troops. Meanwhile, the soldier Dee has been chatting with online is not what she expected.
When a merchandising convention comes to town, the gang tries to develop marketable products in an attempt to build the Paddy's brand.
Mac and Dennis decide to spend some time apart; Charlie lends his feline expertise to help Dee find her cat.
Dennis reveals his foolproof system for seducing any woman to the rest of the gang, but they don't grasp the concept.
When Dee gets a part in the new M. Night Shyamalan film, Mac and Charlie seize a chance to pitch their movie script.
After being banned for 10 years from a local drinking competition appropriately named "Flipadelphia," the gang tries to reignite their old rivalry with another local bar.
Mac, Charlie, Dennis, Dee, and Frank embark on a holiday adventure filled with stolen toys, childhood videos, naked elves, and a bloody run-in with Santa Claus.

Mac pulls out the big guns to protect the sanctity of marriage, while the rest of the gang reaps the rewards of marital bliss.
Marital bliss turns to marital business, as the gang experiences the emotional and economic tribulations of divorce.
The gang attempts to find adventure on the sea after they purchase their 'new' boat.
After correctly answering a radio trivia question, Mac finally makes it big. Meanwhile, the Reynolds start their own internet podcast.
Mac and Charlie try to fix up an abandoned pool in order to beat the heat wave; Dennis and Dee try to beat the heat in a more 'dignified' and 'upper-class' way.
Charlie and Mac set-up a truly odd couple after Mac's mom burns the house down; Frank discovers the importance of paternal care when Dee falls ill.
The gang gets a real 'scare' after Dee reveals she's pregnant, forcing the guys to recall their last hazy Halloween Party to determine if one of them might be the father.
A blast from the past prompts the guys to expand membership and Dee to re-consider her future.
Dee takes a job as a substitute teacher and exposes her students to the culture of Paddy's with a field trip to see the Gang's take on Lethal Weapon 5.
Keeping the basement rodent-free drives Charlie to the brink; the gang throws Charlie a surprise party.
Things go awry as the Gang travels to Atlantic City for a charity benefit. While Frank, Dee and Mac try to survive in the woods, Dennis and Charlie hitch a ride to the city.
Before Dee's baby arrives, The Gang tries to figure out who is the father by throwing a house party for all her former flings.

Frank wants to marry a prostitute and the gang can't talk him out of it. While Dee sets out to burnish the hooker's heart of gold, Charlie takes a different tack: He tries to set Frank up with another woman.
Dee and Dennis take the gang to their favorite childhood vacation spot on the Jersey Shore. Things aren't quite as they remember them. Still, Mac, Frank and Charlie have the times of their lives; Dee and Dennis not so much.
Frank finds himself in the child beauty-pageant business and fears that people might think that he's in it for the wrong reasons.
While Dee tries to weasel her way out of an IRS audit, the guys set up a new (and, they say, democratic) way of running Paddy's.
Frank's long-lost brother shows up unexpectedly and spills family secrets.
It's not always sunny in Philadelphia: An apocalyptic storm is bearing down on the City of Brotherly Love, and everyone's in panic mode -- except for Frank.
Another rainy day in Philadelphia. The gang can't go out and play, so they stay indoors and play a board game of their own devising.
While Dennis and Charlie track down an annoying shusher the old-fashioned way, Dee and Mac cyberstalk him. Frank is online as well, trying to boost business at the bar.
The gang sneak into a residence to "extract" an "artifact," only to discover that someone is home. Uh-oh.
Mac tells a befuddled priest why his fatness is the fault of the other members of the gang.
Traffic problems as a result of the President's visit to Philadelphia makes it difficult for The Gang to see the summer's biggest film - "Thunder Gun Express".
The Gang attends their high school reunion with a lot to prove. Old friends are met and new foes are made as the gang trips down memory lane.
The Gang hatches a plan to repair their tarnished image in the eyes of their old high school classmates.

Dennis and Dee's ailing grandfather Pop-Pop is wasting away in the hospital, and they have to decide whether or not to pull the plug.
Frank concocts a plan to undercut the garbage men union and get the contract to collect the city's trash.
Dennis and the Gang crash Maureen's wedding to make certain he'll be able to sever all ties; later on they fighting some zombies - Halloween!
Charlie and Dee find a romantic connection with two members of one of Philly's wealthiest families; Mac, Dennis and Frank try to get a piece of the action.
The Gang step into the therapist's office to work through their mountain of issues; Dennis' psychology is exposed as abnormal indeed.
The Gang rallies around Charlie's mom as she battles cancer; Frank loses his memory and his mind in a quest for buried treasure.
With Charlie under his wing, Frank cleans up so he can get his hands dirty and help out his old company with one last big merger.
After slipping into an unhealthy obsession with computer games, The Gang wrestles to define the difference between the real and the virtual worlds.
Every member of The Gang has something to celebrate at Guigino's, Philly's finest eatery.
Frank accidentally hits Dennis' car, and The Gang decides to hold a trial at Paddy's to resolve this legal issue.

Dee starts to embrace the desperate, self-loathing qualities the guys have beaten into her over the years, sending her stand-up comedy career to unexpected places.
After Frank appears on Local Television advocating gun ownership, the rest of the gang takes a look at the ownership process and alternatives to find a common ground on this still heated issue.
Tired of failing to be recognized for their years of service in the bar industry, the gang changes their ways to give the patrons what they think they want.
The gang does their best to recoup their investments in questionable schemes by dumping their losses on Ben the soldier while trying to avoid being duped again by whatever mastermind is pulling their strings.
Everyone in the gang gets a day to do what they want while everyone else in the gang must participate willingly. This is Mac's Day...and it's got twice the "Mac".
When a routine trip to a convenience store places the gang in the middle of an armed robbery, each of them is forced to explore how they react in extreme situations.
When a severe flu outbreak sweeps Philadelphia the gang voluntarily quarantine themselves inside of Paddy's in an attempt to keep their singing voices pristine for an upcoming competition, although they have trouble adhering to the strict rules they've set for themselves.
When an experiment successfully multiplies Charlie's intellect and takes him away from the bar, the rest of the gang find themselves struggling to complete the menial 'Charlie Work' that has kept the bar running for so long.
After creative differences over what constitutes tasteful nudity cause Frank to pull his money out of Lethal Weapon 6 during filming, Mac, Dennis, and Charlie screen their rough footage for investors in hopes of raising enough capital to finish the production of their latest masterpiece.
When some bad blood with old foes compromises their ideal Thanksgiving, the gang decides to make amends by breaking bread with those they've hurt.

The Gang attempts to beat one of the most storied achievements in sports history: they are trying to beat Wade Boggs' record of drinking more than 70 beers in a single cross-country flight.
The gang turns Paddy's into an internet dating hub where people group date and rate each other. Dennis becomes obsessed with his ever decreasing ratings, while Dee hands out zero star ratings after being "dumped" early.
Mac and Charlie's high school "gang leader" (leader of "the Freight Train") Psycho Pete stops in at Paddy's. Charlie and Mac are quickly disappointed by Pete's docile nature, and look for ways to get Pete back to his old 'Psycho' self. Frank, Dee, and Dennis set out to find help for Pete because they're afraid he's dangerous to them.
Charlie gets tipped off that the health inspector is coming to inspect Paddy's. Dennis, Dee, Frank, and Mac are involved in a scheme involving steaks, airline miles, and chickens, which has the bar in disarray, including live chickens everywhere. Charlie tries to get the bar in shape for inspection with little help from the rest of the gang.
After Dennis and Mac enlist Dee to spy on the fish factory across the street, Charlie and Frank grow suspicious and decide to do some spying of their own.
After another failed venture, the Gang wonders if their group dynamic is bringing them down as individuals, causing them to separate from one another, and find out who they really are.
ews surfaces about Mac's Dad, Luther, being a murder suspect. Mac goes into full "P.I." mode to clear his father of any wrong doing.
When the gang appears on a nationally broadcasted game show, Dennis does his best to keep the gang's weirdness under wraps.
When Frank decides to leave up the financial decisions of the bar to the gang, the decline of the bar's wellbeing as well as Frank's health begins and the toll is too much for any of them to take.
"Asskickers" isn't just a hot new way to work out; it's a way of life...and maybe a cult.

The gang agree to a truce and demonstrate Chardee MacDennis for an interested board game executive, but things quickly go off the rails.
Frank falls out of a window and his injury makes him think it's 2006, so the gang use it as a chance to correct past mistakes.
Dennis and Frank battle Dee and Mac for control of the mountain and Charlie learns the rules of the slopes.
Dennis and Dee film an adaptation of Dennis' erotic memoirs while Frank and Mac try to pass off Charlie as a gifted artist for financial gain.
Mac and Dennis move to the suburbs for the cheap rent and open spaces but learn they may be meant for city life.
A day in the life of Frank Reynold's as he tries to keep up with the gang's newest scheme.
Old grievances bubble to the surface when The Lawyer agrees to sue Bill Ponderosa on behalf of the Liam McPoyle and his lost eye.
Dennis tries to create an innovative mobile Paddy's pub experience but runs into trouble when customers refuse to cooperate, while Charlie and Mac attempt to catch a thieving leprechaun.
The gang tries to take a vacation from their usual dynamic by going on a cruise, but old habits die hard.
With disaster looming, the gang tries unsuccessfully to make amends with one another.

After an electric heating blanket shorts out while the gang watches "The Wiz," they look in the mirror and realize they've turned black; to get back to being themselves they go through all manner of classic body-switch movie shenanigans.
The group heads to the water park, each with an ulterior motive; Dennis takes on a protege; Frank and Charlie are determined to ride every ride; Mac and Dee get stuck in a tube slide.
Charlie thinks Mac's mom is holding his mom hostage so the gang installs spy cameras in their house to monitor what's going on. What they end up discovering is the moms are quite entertaining once Dennis makes some quick edits and adds a laugh track to the surveillance footage. Dee wants in on the new hit show and Frank becomes obsessed with banging Charlie's mom now that he's seen her on TV.
Franks Fluids LLC is in big trouble after a news segment shows Wolf Cola has become the official drink of Boko Haram. Dee and Dennis help with the PR nightmare while Charlie and Mac work on a scheme to make Fight Milk the official drink of the UFC.
An episode filmed in the true crime style of Making a Murderer and The Jinx which begins with 911 call: A cat-woman formerly known as Maureen Ponderosa has been found dead in an alley and Dennis is the prime suspect.
The gang goes to a professional arbitrator to decide who's the rightful owner of a scratch off lottery ticket. While they're there they also try to clear up whether or not the events surrounding the scratcher prove that Frank is a hero or hate monger.
After finding out that she is a male stripper's "rock bottom," Dee sets out to prove that she is the best thing that ever happened to him; Dennis takes over for a stripper; Mac and Frank play a war game.
Paddy's is packed with customers on Valentine's Day; Dennis implores the gang to do one day of actual work, but everyone is distracted by a mystery crate Cricket spotted in the alley.
We get to see a typical day in Cricket's world and then a possible redemption when his family intervenes. Will Cricket finally move on from the gang, finding love in the process? Will Cricket go from filthy beast to his former self, Matthew Mara?
Dennis reveals he has a baby from his Wade Boggs layover in North Dakota. Everyone offers a solution for how to get him out of this jam. Mac suggests they pretend to be a couple and Frank wants to make the broad a "decent" proposal b/c $1 million for sex is indecent. In the end, Dennis has to decide which life he wants to continue to lead.

Cindy, the new female member of the gang, successfully pulls off scams; everything works until Mac introduces a lifelike sex doll that looks exactly like Dennis.
To boost productivity, Dee hires an at-home "Escape Room Experience" service to come to Dennis and Mac's apartment. Will they escape? Who will get the credit? What could go wrong?
To one-up the guys, Dee has organized an "all-female reboot" of the Wade Boggs challenge on a first-of-it's-kind, all-female flight headed to L.A. for the women's march.
Paddy's has been put on a list of bars that are sexually hostile to women, and the gang must attend a sexual harassment seminar to get off the list.
Dee gets in with a group of cool, rich housewives. Dennis hits it off with some everyday blue-collar bros. Frank struggles to renew his license, and Charlie and Mac deal with a new generation of bicycle bullies.
Jimmy Buffett is in town and the positive vibes are alive at the bar. But when Mac comes out of the women's bathroom, no one can leave until the bathroom situation is solved.
With nothing to do while their phones update to the latest software, the gang decides to reminisce on old times. As everyone misremembers events from their past, the gang's current reality becomes altered.
It's the weekend of Super Bowl LII, this time from Charlie's perspective. While Charlie searches the back office, Cricket steals the suit leaving Charlie home alone to defend himself.
It's the most important weekend of their lives and Frank has treated the gang and a crew of their ragtag hangers-on with tickets to see the Eagles in the Super Bowl!
Frank tries to recruit Mac for the gang's float for the Gay Pride Parade; Frank comes to the realization that Mac will never be secure with his sexual identity unless he comes out to his father.

